This is downtown of New Zealand!
HaSeul : We’re going to a cafe of New Zealand
HaSeul : to buy dessert~~
The girls look so happy!
HaSeul : It looks delicious~~
HeeJin : Macaron~~
HyunJin : Macaron! I love it!
ViVi : I love it!
HaSeul : Ready! Goooooo!!
HyunJin is eating the whole macaron!
HeeJin : (Shock) Did you eat up all the macaron at once?
HyunJin : Yes…
The girls keep eating!
HeeJin : The music video concept is a runner~
HeeJin : So I guess there are lots of running scenes~
HyunJin : We have to run tomorrow!
After small talk, the girls keep eating a lot again!
The dessert is all gone…
HyunJin, ViVi : Thank you~
Because of the dessert, the girls will be able to shoot well!!!